I'm in Seattle after my trip from
Vancouver and I am incredibly excited to
be here um in my journey to learn about
dating and attraction there are a whole
bunch of different things that I learned
to try and make myself more attractive I
did things like martial arts I went to
nightclubs I built pre-selection but the
one thing that I never did is something
that I am going to learn all about today
check this out so I'm really excited
I've realized that um in my journey to
learn about dating and slender might
pick up I've gone out and I've tried a
lot certain things but I've never tried
to become a superhero and you think that
would be like the natural choice so I'm
here with Phoenix Jones the one and only
legendary true real-life superhero to
learn how to become a superhero less to
happier things I'm gonna teach my kids
to see that it is you again yeah yeah I
want to control with you guys once
before kind of like that we're outside
we're fighting crime this dude shows up
out of nowhere and just decides he's
gonna try to talk down this dude this in
the middle of a fight so it was kind of
nuts it worked
it was super strange then after that we
invited mom patrols it's a kind of a
weird thing what like three things but I
have to know if I want to be a Superior
Court Kevlar problem first thing first
thing usually they're both pretty
bulletproof gear
so I got kept so kevlars like one of the
first thing take any devil eyes the
first second thing would number two tips
to be number two Drac
number two you need something to defend
yourself with if your martial arts
aren't up to par I'm n so I'm obviously
Phoenix Jones has some pretty badass
equipment bruh what kind of weaponry you
sever well I'm my baton and uh stun yeah
dude that's like the fucking noisy
cricket cardio oh yeah
if you can't run you can't be somebody
you're not gonna be able to deal with
anything
he's like full gear I'm like no and I'm
out of breath I would say it by mental
awareness okay
so this is like a drop I don't know if
this is one in particular but what will
happen is you'll see a boot down the
street a boot down the street further
one of them a guy came by and put money
in that someone else who have account
the money and walk it over to someone
else that person will then walk over for
drugs in a boot and the guy you bought
the money would come pick drugs out of
boot not where there's never an exchange
directly so they can't get arrested
blessing yeah yeah yesterday realize we
were doing do that's why we're here yeah
pull up certain elevation to institute
Oh No then it's a risk
okay go
ready Oh up I kind of want to go with
Phoenix which means told me I have to go
away
so Michael separates into two groups so
we all couldn't get you out at the same
time so so basically just to give
everyone at home and idea was hang on
make sure you run into this SUV like
three times in the night every time we
come up these guys are like drives off
well if you notice every time we come up
near a corner where there's drug sales
yeah so what it is he's the real car
he's the guy who gives all the drugs
around which is the guys we actually
don't want to mess with so like when
you're doing crime fighting you get the
low guys then you figure out to the big
is and then you send the police in to
take out the big gun if you actually
work your way up the food chain that's
how you die so the worst thing to do is
to keep showing this guy hey we're on to
your drug-dealing
that's like a bad sign yeah situational
awareness I love it that's pretty big
like what we use like the pre thing
you're like analyzing situations in
advance before doing it I like that
that's really exactly it's a lot about
like you've got to understand how people
work on the streets of - people are
fighting you try to remove one of the
parties you'll always see whatever guy
is the most reasonable I walk up I don't
work man you could always destroy that
guy I know you could be mob
you know I'm on camera the camera knows
you meet him up at this point there's no
reason to fight because looking abby's
you get lucky and you can lose a fight
that you should clearly win so you
should just walk away okay we'll try to
get them to walk away if the two are
really gonna fight then what you want
them to do is you want to put a defuse a
reason to defuse their fight pepper
spray is normally a great one people
aren't so happen to fight when they
can't see okay how many people did you
pepper spray in that one incident 33 30
and 40 people is it
okay so we're downtown and we hit this
these guys walk by so like yeah we're
gonna blow for federal or less blood so
you go to the police and we tell them
we're like men the guy's gonna blow
federal building please tell us how to
go away so me Jack and O Caballero head
out to this building they start throwing
pipe bombs at it and running
building so I'm in this big fistfight
Jackson pepper spraying people and the
news cameras are flying above us
shooting it streaming it live on the 5
o'clock news
then we were 65 of them there were three
of us well first off I was just trying
to be like young people back and you
know try and do all that stuff but then
they threw something at me that exploded
because I was like that's it
you're done you're done oh you were the
spear you're going to for all the fakes
the jackets the news blows up one
picture of him spraying what could have
clearly been probably a mentally
disabled person I didn't remember spray
him I did say the robber this fear
you're under arrest
it was your hands off all of that stuff
and someone threw a bomb in me and I was
like aah and like ran away so I'm super
stoked everyone like on patrol with you
guys is that okay can I can join you
guys I'm from this this is gonna be
awesome
definitely we got ancient bulletproof
we'll look at the bulletproof vest what
come out on patrol this will probably do
Pioneer Square and you plant a square
mile in the probably international
district about us all right guys so I'm
gonna go patrol with some real-life
superheroes I'm gonna I'm gonna be a
real-life super hard
you